hey guys it's Charlie and I can another
video for you this is a great video on
this is oh my babe it weren't pleased
not much I know I don't know that I used
to have a bunch trust me but then I lost
them anyone even better um so um we're
gonna make the best hmm let's do the
best of fact I papers perfect so these
bolts any face bullets of course it's a
wig let's do this please don't pegasuses
home but I just don't like that maybe
maybe it off energy drink spiking most
likely so merely a striker something
maybe a fire blades Brian if you have a
heart attack you could die
something maybe like galaxy me do so
what I would do is probably galaxy
anything right poison cyber or storm
maybe a plane maybe I ok now spin tracks
make it a short one like 1050 w 105
something like that now tips a good tip
would probably be CS but I wouldn't
recommend it for attack types because
like I mean I would recommend this for
if you were trying to make a defense
type something like that or stamina
because you at the same time it'll just
help you without getting Syria mats
that's all I think so what so what I
would probably say is either um r
squared F or I should I don't know what
this is I think it's poison pegasuses
tip I forgot what the neighborhood is so
that here made all assembled a like
right now
also a Pegasus done a little bit great I
wouldn't really go with the galaxy
Pegasus because galaxies and galaxy
Pegasus at his feet agree with here we
go so we're not the same direction we
want champagne wishes caviar dreams on a
Budweiser budget so probably go with
this I should be show up when this wind
comes all together maybe you can't say
in Korea for anything all right almost I
don't want any for okay
I'm probably gonna go is so I was trying
to get this so here's our attack cape
i'm going to show you it that's how the
big lady would react react that's what i
would do for the best attack type a
blade please rate comment subscribe and
thanks for watching